working in a chocolate factory 'may be classified as the candidate
for some the collapse
And it is not for nothing
with 500 tons of chocolates produced every year
approach work that is ours to give food the demand for everything that is sweet
and try an actor
these contest can be done only with the experienced than I went for bikes
the master pots are made first in Madrid the days
then they are produced with the beads with the material gets bored
to the vice-presidency that it is a desired form
the flowers you first are heated to 177 degrees centigrade
but it may happen that it is a tax in the original molds
bea considers that a Member
I think it is necessary to systematize a narrow range of view of the forms of
molds
still hot
the classic has to be cooled
a jet of compressed air lowers its temperature
we have to go through a visual inspection so that there is certainty of its
quality
vanderson support
in this unit unlike the podcast is limited by boiling water is like
a double boiler that destined
clinton and bush that left everyone
twelve hours to 40 degrees centigrade
the plastic molds ready to be filled are brought up to date
filling is done
the chopped chocolate because directly by the deaths
this machine and particles or 2 400 connections per month
the courses are filled as light juice mixture the crime was also
denounced for several minutes
I need 20 minutes to overcome 60
while it may shift to this nine-month treadmill
now known donations arrive at the port to misinform
the dead are buried, the one that hits you in front of them underneath so that
occupants fell without breaks
as soon as the molds are associated I return to the starting point on the line for
be stuffed and maisena
during the transport in the rock chocolat completes a cooling nobody
extremely hard
now become isolated
chocolat can be sold in bulk tumbled into cartons
pitt prayers are placed in each box
as public 'chocolate' white supporters on tablets before being
fired
the hot chocolate usually come in the form of decreasing tablets
the chocolate is few
they have to be approved in two halves
Swiss cheeses the package needs special decoration of each hand
anxious the steering wheel pierre you want
this decoration is made of white chocolate which is added holes
in just one hour will be produced from 1200 bears
they are made viaducts and so many other games
the assembly is done using a refrigerated rotary machine
the machine that molds in 360 degrees 106
occupants to prevent the formation of air bubbles.
its combat about 5 minutes before being used to wait left
Where will I stay for another 20 minutes?
and now they're ready
at this time the suspension of the informal serving of packaging
in the year the company processes 500 tons of pure chocolate
many thousands of products are made here
of the 409 defense
the couple was entitled to the body